c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
c:\users\xuxiangbin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\工作室任务\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
G:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\音悦网\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目1\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
F:\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-11\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-14\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-15\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-16-2155\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\音悦网项目12-17\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-18\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-19\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-22\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目12-23\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\IDAL.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DALFactory.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\IDAL.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DALFactory.pdb
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
C:\Users\XuXiangBin\Desktop\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\IDAL.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DALFactory.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\IDAL.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DALFactory.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll.config
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\IDAL.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Owin.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DALFactory.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\BLL.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\IDAL.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Models.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\DALFactory.pdb
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.dll
D:\作业\工作室资料\AAAAA项目\AAAAAAA第二学期项目\0601项目\音悦网项目三层架构0601\VoiceSingWeb\VoiceSingWeb\obj\Debug\VoiceSingWeb.pdb
